Release Hermes v1.13.1 (#4358)
informalsystems/hermes: .changelog/v1.13.1/summary.md

*May 20th, 2025*

> This release adds testing for ibc-go v10 and Cosmos SDK v0.53 compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release officially bumps the compatibility to ibc-go v10.0 and Cosmos SDK v0.53.
```
